---
title: Recap of the books I read in 2018
date: 2018-12-31
categories: [books, "2018"]
tags: [books]
---

1. On War
2. Duty: Memoirs of a Secretary at War
3. Fire and Fury: Inside the Trump White House
4. The Innovators: How a Group of Hackers, Geniuses, and Geeks Created the Digital Revolution
5. Violence of Action: Untold Stories of the 75th Ranger Regiment in the War on Terror
6. Curious: The Desire to Know and Why Your Future Depends On It
7. Ghost Fleet
8. The Sun Also Rises
9. Grapes of Wrath
10. Kingpin: How One Hacker Took Over the Billion-Dollar Cybercrime Underground
11. Unbreakable: A Navy SEAL's Way of Life
12. A Higher Loyalty: Truth, Lies, and Leadership
13. Evicted: Poverty and Profit in the American City
14. The Future of War: A History
15. A Generation of Sociopaths
16. Lab 257: The Disturbing Story of the Government's Secret Germ Laboratory
17. Leonardo da Vinci
18. The Phoenix Project (A Novel About IT, DevOps, and Helping Your Business Win)
19. Energy and Civilization: A History 
20. Promise Me, Dad: A Year of Hope, Hardship, and Purpose
21. Enlightenment Now: The Case for Reason, Science, Humanism, and Progress
22. Brave New World
23. The Aviators: Eddie Rickenbacker, Jimmy Doolittle, Charles Lindbergh, and the Epic Age of Flight
24. The Perfect Weapon: War, Sabotage, and Fear in the Cyber Age
25. Black Hearts: One Platoon's Descent into Madness in Iraq's Triangle of Death
26. Factfulness: Ten Reasons We're Wrong About the World--and Why Things Are Better Than You Think
27. Team of Rivals: The Political Genius of Abraham Lincoln
28. Radical Inclusion: What the Post-9/11 World Should Have Taught Us About Leadership
29. Facts and Fears: Hard Truths from a Life in Intelligence
30. Genghis Khan and the Making of the Modern World
31. Half-Earth
32. The Omnivore's Dilemma: A Natural History of Four Meals
33. A Long Way Home: A Memoir
34. Thomas Jefferson: The Art of Power 
35. Thieves of State: Why Corruption Threatens Global Security