---
title: Recap of the books I read in 2019
date: 2019-12-31
categories: [books, "2019"]
tags: [books]
---
1. On Cyber: Towards an Operational Art for Cyber Conflict
2. Red Badge of Courage
3. Can American Capitalism Survive?: Why Greed Is Not Good, Opportunity Is Not Equal, and Fairness Won't Make Us Poor
4. Catcher in the Rye
5. Catch-22
6. Draft No. 4: On the Writing Process
7. The Master Algorithm: How the Quest for the Ultimate Learning Machine Will Remake Our World
8. Mercy Watson au cine-parc
9. Endurance: My Year in Space, A Lifetime of Discovery
10. Capital in the 21st Century
11. How to Change Your Mind: What the New Science of Psychedelics Teaches Us About Consciousness, Dying, Addiction, Depression, and Transcendence
12. It Came from Something Awful: How a Toxic Troll Army Accidentally Memed Donald Trump into Office
13. Upheaval: Turning Points for Nations in Crisis
14. The Fifth Risk: Undoing Democracy
15. Deep Work: Rules for Focused Success in a Distracted World
16. Let My People Go Surfing: The Education of a Reluctant Businessman--Including 10 More Years of Business Unusual
17. Shortest Way Home: One Mayor's Challenge and a Model for America's Future
18. The Wright Brothers
19. John Adams
20. On China
21. Chesty: The Story of Lieutenant General Lewis B. Puller, USMC
22. Boyd: The Fighter Pilot Who Changed the Art of War
23. Never Grow Up
24. Alexander Hamilton
25. Fighter Pilot: The Memoirs of Legendary Ace Robin Olds
26. Army of None: Autonomous Weapons and the Future of War
27. Democracy in Chains: The Deep History of the Radical Right's Stealth Plan for America
28. Starship Troopers
29. Range: Why Generalists Triumph in a Specialized World