---
title: Recap of the books I read in 2020
date: 2020-12-31
categories: [books, recap]
tags: [books]
---

1. Cult of the Dead Cow: How the Original Hacking Supergroup Might Just Save the World
2. American Revolutions: A Continental History, 1750-1804
3. For Whom the Bell Tolls
4. Benjamin Franklin: An American Life
5. Rise and Kill First: The Secret History of Israel's Targeted Assassinations
6. Places and Names: On War, Revolution, and Returning
7. Better: A Surgeon's Notes on Performance
8. Alone at Dawn: Medal of Honor Recipient John Chapman and the Untold Story of the World's Deadliest Special Operations Force
9. Call Sign Chaos: Learning to Lead
10. The Moment of Lift: How Empowering Women Changes the World
11. A Gentleman in Moscow: A Novel
12. Heartland: A Memoir of Working Hard and Being Broke in the Richest Country on Earth
13. Why We Sleep: Unlocking the Power of Sleep and Dreams
14. Talking to Strangers: What We Should Know About the People We Don't Know
15. The Strange Order of Things: Life, Feeling, and the Making of Cultures
16. Sea Stories: My Life in Special Operations
17. Sandworm: A New Era of Cyberwar and the Hunt for the Kremlin's Most Dangerous Hackers
18. The Righteous Mind: Why Good People Are Divided by Politics and Religion
19. Never Lost Again: The Google Mapping Revolution That Sparked New Industries and Augmented Our Reality
20. Mastery
21. I'll Be Gone in the Dark: One Woman's Obsessive Search for the Golden State Killer
22. The Body: A Guide for Occupants
23. Snow Crash
24. White Fragility: Why It's So Hard for White People to Talk About Racism
25. Catch and Kill: Lies, Spies, and a Conspiracy to Protect Predators
26. Burn-In: A Novel of the Real Robotic Revolution
27. On Corruption in America: And What Is at Stake
28. With the Old Breed: At Peleliu and Okinawa
29. The Art of Intelligence: Lessons from a Life in the CIA's Clandestine Service
30. Active Measures: The Secret History of Disinformation and Political Warfare
31. The President Is Missing: A Novel