---
title: Recap of the books I read in 2022
date: 2022-12-31
categories: [books, “2022”]
tags: [books]
---

1. Bomber Mafia: A Dream, a Temptation, and the Longest Night of the Second World War
2. Betrayal in Berlin: The True Story of the Cold War's Most Audacious Espionage Operation
3. Farm and Other F Words: The Rise and Fall of the Small Family Farm
4. There Is Nothing For You Here: Finding Opportunity in the Twenty-First Century
5. The Code Breaker: Jennifer Doudna, Gene Editing, and the Future of the Human Race
6. The Splendid and the Vile: A Saga of Churchill, Family, and Defiance During the Blitz
7. My Life in Full: Work, Family, and Our Future
8. Eisenhower in War and Peace
9. This is How They Tell Me the World Ends: The Cyberweapons Arms Race
10. 32 Yolks: From My Mother's Table to Working the Line
11. Noise: A Flaw in Human Judgment
12. The New Geography of Jobs
13. You Are Worth It: Building a Life Worth Fighting For
14. American Made: What Happens to People When Work Disappears
15. The Caine Mutiny
16. The Everything Store: Jeff Bezos and the Age of Amazon
17. Facing the Mountain: A True Story of Japanese American Heroes in World War II
18. Leadership in War: Essential Lessons from Those Who Made History
19. The Day of the Jackal
20. Caste: The Origins of Our Discontents
21. Heroes: The Greek Myths Reimagined
22. Troy: The Greek Myths Reimagined
23. Ludicrous: The Unvarnished Story of Tesla Motors
24. Of Mice and Men
25. How the World Really Works: The Science Behind How We Got Here and Where We're Going
26. Musashi 
27. Why We're Polarized
28. The Road Taken: A Memoir
29. An Ugly Truth: Inside Facebook’s Battle for Domination
30. The Making of a Manager: What to Do When Everyone Looks to You
31. Threat Hunting with Elastic Stack