---
title: Recap of the books I read in 2023
date: 2023-12-31
categories: [books, “2023”]
tags: [books]
---

1. Amazon Unbound: Jeff Bezos and the Invention of a Global Empire
2. The Devil Never Sleeps: Learning to Live in an Age of Disasters 
3. All Blood Runs Red: The Legendary Life of Eugene Bullard―Boxer, Pilot, Soldier, Spy
4. The Creative Gene: How books, movies, and music inspired the creator of Death Stranding and Metal Gear Solid 
5. The Ransomware Hunting Team: A Band of Misfits' Improbable Crusade to Save the World from Cybercrime
6. Meet Me by the Fountain: An Inside History of the Mall
7. The Persuaders: At the Front Lines of the Fight for Hearts, Minds, and Democracy
8. The Ministry for the Future: A Novel
9. Anna Karenina 
10. Cheap Land Colorado: Off-Gridders at America's Edge
11. The End of the World Is Just the Beginning: Mapping the Collapse of Globalization
12. The Art of Being Indispensable at Work: Win Influence, Beat Overcommitment, and Get the Right Things Done
13. The Nineties: A Book
14. Slaughter House Five
15. Pandemic, Inc.: Chasing the Capitalists and Thieves Who Got Rich While We Got Sick
16. Originals: How Non-Conformists Move the World
17. Winners Take All: The Elite Charade of Changing the World
18. Raw Dog: The Naked Truth About Hot Dogs
19. The Fifth Act: America's End in Afghanistan
20. The Long Game: China's Grand Strategy to Displace American Order
21. Not a Good Day to Die: The Untold Story of Operation Anaconda
22. Beautiful Swimmers: Watermen, Crabs and the Chesapeake Bay
23. Poverty, by America
24. Defeat into Victory: Battling Japan in Burma and India, 1942-1945
25. The Kingdom of Prep: The Inside Story of the Rise and (Near) Fall of J.Crew 
26. Be Useful: Seven Tools for Life
27. Life Sentence: The Brief and Tragic Career of Baltimore’s Deadliest Gang Leader
28. Frederick Douglass: Prophet of Freedom
29. Toms River: A Story of Science and Salvation
30. Guns, Germs and Steel: The Fate of Human Societies
31. A Full Life: Reflections at Ninety
32. Spies and Lies: How China's Greatest Covert Operations Fooled the World
33. Greenlights
34. Elon Musk